HOMESHARE

CHANGES MADE SINCE PROJECT 2.4

We had three major ares we were interested in working on for step 2.5. They are as follows:

1) Property Images
- We were already allowing users to update their profile picture to be a photo of themselves, but we
  wanted to do the same for invitations as well. Now, when users are creating a post, they can upload
  a picture of their property to display instead of a default image.

2) Google Maps API
- The way we currently measured how far a person was from USC's campus was just having them enter
  it manually when creating a post (the "Mile from campus" text box). We wanted to try to improve
  this feature. As a result, we implemented the google maps API, which we use to parse the given
  address and tell us exactly how far that user is from campus.

3) Rejection Email Bug fixes
- For our current email sending, when a user accepted an invitation response, there was a rejection
  email that was sent to all users attached to that invitation instead of just the ones whose
  invitation response got rejected. We implemented the fix to this issue so it is not a problem anymore.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Steps to run the app

Upon running the app, the user should be brought to our login screen, which we have designated
as our main activity. From there, all activities should be hooked up through various buttons and
paths, so the user can navigate the app however they like. However, for the full experience,
we recommend the user take the following steps to test out all features of our app:

1.1) Register for an account
1.2) Create your profile by clicking on the profile button in the top bar
1.3) Navigate back to home
1.4) Check out your current feed
1.5) Create a post
1.6) Navigate back to the profile page and log out

2.1) Register for another account with a different email
2.2) Create your profile by clicking on the profile button in the top bar
2.3) Navigate back to home
2.4) Find the post you just created with the first account
2.5) Click the check mark on that post to accept it
2.6) Navigate back to the profile page and log out

1.7) Log back into your first account
1.8) Check your Response Feed - you should see your second account's request to join your invitation
1.9) Check you first email address - you should have an email from HomeShare saying your invitation
has been accepted by someone
1.10) Accept your second accounts InvitationResponse request by clicking the Accept button on their
request in the Response Feed
1.11) Check your Roommate Feed - you should see your pairing with your second account
1.12) Check you first email address - you should have an email from HomeShare saying you have a new
roommate matching
1.13) Navigate back to the profile page and log out

2.7) Log back into your second account
2.8) Check your Roommate Feed - you should see your pairing with your first account
2.9) Check you second email address - you should have an email from HomeShare saying you have a new
roommate matching
